docs(academy): Update references to Apify SDK with Crawlee (#416)
apify/apify-docs: content/academy/web_scraping_for_beginners/crawling/dealing_with_dynamic_pages.md

> Also, don't forget to run `npm i puppeteer` in order to install the `puppeteer` package!

```JavaScript
import { PuppeteerCrawler } from 'crawlee';

> // Add cheerio import
> import cheerio from 'cheerio';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

const BASE_URL = 'https://demo-webstore.apify.org';

// Switch CheerioCrawler to PuppeteerCrawler
const crawler = new PuppeteerCrawler({
    // Replace "$" with "page"

>     requestHandler: async ({ page, request }) => {
>         // Create the $ object based on the page's content
>         const $ = cheerio.load(await page.content());
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    requestHandler: async ({ parseWithCheerio }) => {
        // Create the $ object based on the page's content
        const $ = parseWithCheerio();

```

Reviewer: please fix it elsewhere as well
